Update EIP-4844: de-sszify spec (#6985)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4844.md

### New transaction type

We introduce a new [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md) transaction, "blob transaction", where the `TransactionType` is `BLOB_TX_TYPE` and the `TransactionPayload` is the following RLP value:

```
rlp([chain_id, nonce, max_priority_fee_per_gas, max_fee_per_gas, gas_limit, destination, amount, data, blob_versioned_hashes, access_list, y_parity, r, s])`.
```

The `max_priority_fee_per_gas` and `max_fee_per_gas` fields follow [EIP-1559](./eip-1559.md) semantics
and `access_list` follows [EIP-2930](./eip-2930.md).

The `blob_versioned_hashes` field represents a list hash outputs from `kzg_to_versioned_hash`.

The [EIP-2718](./eip-2718.md) `ReceiptPayload` for this transaction is `rlp([status, cumulative_transaction_gas_used, logs_bloom, logs])`.

#### Signature

The signature values `y_parity`, `r`, and `s` are calculated by constructing a secp256k1 signature over the following digest:

> `keccak256(BLOB_TX_TYPE || rlp([chain_id, nonce, max_priority_fee_per_gas, max_fee_per_gas, gas_limit, destination, amount, data, blob_versioned_hashes, access_list]))`.

Reviewer: Any reason why `max_fee_per_data_gas` and `blob_versioned_hashes` are not appended at the end?

Author: Really no reason to not append at end, not sure why I didn't add it originally there. Also was missing the the `max_fee_per_data_gas` field, so I added that back.

### Networking

Blob transactions have two network representations. During transaction gossip responses (`PooledTransactions`), the EIP-2718 `TransactionPayload` of the blob transaction is wrapped to become:

```

> rlp([blob_tx_payload, blob_kzgs, blobs, kzg_aggregated_proof])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rlp([blob_tx_payload, blob_kzgs, blobs, blob_kzg_proofs])
```
We are now using one KZG proof per blob (no more aggregated proofs)

```

Each of these elements are defined as follows:

- `blob_tx_payload` - standard EIP-2718 blob transaction `TransactionPayload`
- `blob_kzgs` - list of `KZGCommitment`
- `blobs` - list of `blob` where `blob` is a list of `BLSFieldElement`
- `kzg_aggregated_proof` - `KZGProof`

The node MUST validate `blob_tx_payload` and verify the wrapped data against it. To do so, ensure that:

- `blob_tx_payload.blob_versioned_hashes` must not be empty
- All hashes in `blob_tx_payload.blob_versioned_hashes` must start with the byte `BLOB_COMMITMENT_VERSION_KZG`
- There must be at most `MAX_DATA_GAS_PER_BLOCK // DATA_GAS_PER_BLOB` total blob commitments in the transaction.
- There are an equal number of versioned hashes, kzg commitments, and blobs.
- The KZG commitments hash to the versioned hashes, i.e. `kzg_to_versioned_hash(kzg[i]) == versioned_hash[i]`

> - The KZG commitments match the blob contents. (Note: this can be optimized with additional data, using a proof for a
>   random evaluation at two points derived from the commitment and blob data)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The KZG commitments match the blob contents. (Note: this can be optimized using `blob_kzg_proofs`, using a proof for a
  random evaluation at a point derived from the commitment and blob data for each blob)
```

> For body retreival responses (`BlockBodies`), the standard EIP-2718 blob transaction `TransactionPayload` is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For body retrieval responses (`BlockBodies`), the standard EIP-2718 blob transaction `TransactionPayload` is used.
```
